[vmware] Use the New Resource Model for VM operations (#6578)
Azure/azure-cli-extensions: src/connectedvmware/HISTORY.rst

Release History
===============

0.2.0
++++++
* Using New Resource Model for all VM operations:
    * `vm` command : Create, Update, Delete, Show, Start, Stop, Restart VirtualMachineInstance
    * `vm guest-agent` command : Enable, Show VMInstanceGuestAgent
    * `vm extension` command : Create, Update, Delete, Show, List MachineExtensions
* If underlying machine is not present, it gets created during vm create
* Added delete-from-host flag for `vm delete`

> * Removed VM List option as VMInstance is a child resource of Machines.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Deprecated VM List option as VM Instance is a child resource of Machines.
```
